1. wearable devices advantageous to health apps, especially for long time patient tracking
2. digital twins and their impelementation
	I: CLINICAL INFO
	II: genomic info
	II: lifestyle info - part with the wearables


Horizon 2022 - monitoring long-term patients with cancer

----------

contact bryce - MoE

check if Systematic review would be acceptable

literature review + survey of patients

*TAM technology acceptance model* - usability of wearable devices/ smart watches

https://www.mdpi.com/2075-4426/12/11/1792
https://www.mdpi.com/2072-6694/15/6/1775
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9263785/


-----------

Research area and goals

1) wearable technology applications designed for:
I.  prevention of diseases + maintenance of health (outpatient)
	- weight control
	- physical activity monitoring
	- predicting illnesses or injuries (sports)
II. patient and disease management (stationary)
	- diagnosis and treatment

2) Wearable device data analysis
- identify patterns and correlations related to patient health and well-being
- use data to develop more accurate and efficient methods of diagnosis and treatment

-----------

Research field differentiation:

1) Stationary (inpatient) or ambulant (outpatient)?
1.1) if stationary, how specific (cancer, surgery, dialysis etc.)?
2.1) if ambulant, just monitoring or also predicting?
2.1.1) if just monitoring, short-term or long term?
2.1.2) if also predicting, then also prevention and maintenance?

-----------
Possible research questions:

1. How can wearable device technology and data be used to improve the accuracy of diagnosis and treatment in stationary patient care?

2. How can wearable device technology and data be used to improve the accuracy and efficiency of outpatient care?

3. How can wearable device technology and data be used to enhance the accuracy and utility of digital twin models?

4. How can wearable device technology and data be used to enhance the accuracy and utility of digital twin models for long-term outpatient care?

Data from wearable devices can be used to observe and measure patient health over time and in different contexts.
This data can then be used to build more accurate and detailed digital twin models of a patient,
which can be used to provide personalized care and guidance for long-term ambulatory care. 
Additionally, wearable device data can be used to identify and track changes in patient health over time,
allowing for early detection and intervention of any potential health issues.

------------

Master's project differentiation:

1) focus on a specific disease: e.g. lung cancer, CVD
2) select type of project: systematic literature review or prospective (maybe retrospective) study
